this is the a6 er 55 6 lh by lightning 78 h
and 15 come in sixty to finish the deal in March 5 or 6 7 6 9 a curious thing
already making excellent for wage moderation work was photos or
videos view all types of on and offline multimedia but also the
everyday things like or is and internet
the first thing to do was look at the material, we see that it is requested at the top
one and yes half wet half glossy the black plastic
the pieces were found that it has beautiful function
And all chances are the mat type of material and also see that the battery is not
replaceable
he ran for two centimeters thick two Kurdish euros and the markets did not
very special in the five commissions class you will also fit in effortlessly
a special back on the briefcase
Axel Leidschendam is an A4 already in that it seemed bad enough that the screen
is about
and when I leave it on the screen
then you can see that in the side races even slightly less
is high
and the screen that is in it is a glossy HD ready screen
we searched for the very beautiful for bright colors produces only nine
For example, the ten suffer from infections can be an anti-shave
at the top of the screen also want to work a hd ready I was very nice
for programs such as tubs
The keyboard has a unique split on the side that is a new Friday
know where to find
and though it is with two physical buttons how can we like it
can of course always immensely use a wired or wireless mouse to utilize
later on
tuitert division he has three usb ports, two of which already have three points
to be
and gets a wipe year and an HDMI port and those are on this side and
thus got an extra nice fight to connect with for example the
TV and even more so already in multimedia drama thirst maker devices
that supporter
He also has a DVD player and a burner and then you can like on CDs and
play and burn DVDs
internal storage is five times were disks and then graphics
computing power active work video card
And remember that there is enough graphic computing power to play Fortis simple games
for example the real one or in the browser and I am talking about a new set
crash but that of graphic from the players as goalgetter folds five of
call of Duty
there are more wanting to know if your laptop or they have the similarities
purchase
her laptop shop.nl a week or simply in our stores